.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "HUB" "5" "12/13/2011" "\ " "\ "
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
hub \- syntax of XML files used to configure Haskell hubs
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
A Hub configuration file is an XML file containing a <hub> node containing an <hcbin> and <glbdb> node, and if and only if it is a user hub, a <usrdb> node.
.sp
.TP
<hcbin>
The path of the
bin
directory containing the
ghc
tools to be used with the hub.
.TP
<glbdb>
The path of the global package database to be used with the hub.
.TP
<usrdb>
The path of the user package database to be used with the hub.
.SH "EXAMPLE 1"
Hub configuration file for global hub 2010.2.0.1:
.sp
.sp
.nf
    <hub>
      <hcbin>/usr/hs/ghc/7.0.3/bin</hcbin>
      <glbdb>/usr/hs/db/2011.2.0.1.d</glbdb>
    </hub>
.fi
.SH "EXAMPLE 2"
Hub configuration file for hub home, a user hub based on the global hub 2010.2.0.1:
.sp
.sp
.nf
    <hub>
      <hcbin>/usr/hs/ghc/7.0.3/bin</hcbin>
      <glbdb>/usr/hs/db/2011.2.0.1.d</glbdb>
      <usrdb>/home/joe/.hubrc/lib/home/package.config</usrdb>
    </hub>
.fi
.SH "FILES"
.TP
~/.hubrc/hub/<u\-hub>.xml
Contains the hub\-spefification file for user hub <u\-hub>.
.TP
/usr/hs/hub/<g\-hub>.xml
XML configuration file for global hub <g\-hub>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.TP
hub(1)
The hub command for managing and configuring user hubs.
.TP
[1]\&\fIhttp://justhub.org\fR
The home page of the JustHub distribution contains introductory material and links to wikis and articles.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Chris Dornan <[2]\&\fIchris@chrisdornan.com\fR>
.sp
.SH "REFERENCES"
.TP 3
1.\ http://justhub.org
\%http://justhub.org
.TP 3
2.\ chris@chrisdornan.com
\%mailto:chris@chrisdornan.com
